Update User Guide - Add WPS process doc on Longitudinal profile section (#9371)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/longitudinal-profile.md

!!! note
    The **Longitudinal Profile** is not included by default in the MapStore configuration but it can be configured within an [application contexts](application-context.md#configure-plugins) if needed.

>     The plugin works only if the **Longitudinal Profile WPS process** is properly installed in [GeoServer](http://geoserver.org/), as explained [here](https://docs.geoserver.org/2.22.x/en/user/community/wps-longitudinal-profile/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The plugin works only if the **Longitudinal Profile WPS process** is properly installed in [GeoServer](http://geoserver.org/). Look at the official [online documentation](https://docs.geoserver.org/latest/en/user/community/wps-longitudinal-profile/index.html) to learn more about this process and how to install it. The GeoServer module of the Longitudinal profile is available from Geoserver v2.20.x of Aug 2023.
```
